<hr/>
<i>
This is a Netbeans project wrapper for TarsosDSP. For original project, please visit https://github.com/JorenSix/TarsosDSP
API Examples are located at <code> /src/be/hogent/tarsos/dsp/example </code>
</i>
rg,
<b>Chandra</b>

<hr/>

h1. TarsosDSP

TarsosDSP is a Java library for audio processing. Its aim is to provide an easy-to-use interface to practical music  processing algorithms implemented, as simply as possible, in pure Java and without any other external dependencies. TarsosDSP features an implementation of a percussion onset detector and a number of pitch detection algorithms: YIN, the Mcleod Pitch method and a "Dynamic Wavelet Algorithm Pitch Tracking" algorithm. Also included is a Goertzel DTMF(Dual tone multi frequency) decoding algorithm, a time stretch algorithm (WSOLA), resampling, filters, simple synthesis, some audio effects, and a pitch shifting algorithm.

To show the capabilities of the library, "TarsosDSP example applications":http://tarsos.0110.be/tag/TarsosDSP are available. Head over to the "TarosDSP release directory":http://tarsos.0110.be/releases/TarsosDSP/ for freshly baked binaries and code smell free (that is the goal anyway), oven-fresh sources.

Some information about TarsosDSP can be found in the paper "__TarsosDSP, a Real-Time Audio Processing Framework in Java__":http://0110.be/files/attachments/411/aes53_tarsos_dsp.pdf, by Joren Six, Olmo Cornelis, and Marc Leman, in __Proceedings of the 53rd AES Conference (AES 53rd)__, 2014. If you use TarsosDSP in academic research, please cite this paper.

bc. @inproceedings{six2014tarsosdsp,
  author      = {Joren Six and Olmo Cornelis and Marc Leman},
  title       = {{TarsosDSP, a Real-Time Audio Processing Framework in Java}},
  booktitle   = {{Proceedings of the 53rd AES Conference (AES 53rd)}}, 
  year        =  2014
}

